hi sweetheart
hey daddy Kayla you're gonna be staying
home tonight right isn't we're just
gonna hang out here watch TV or
something but that is it
Kingsman tries to get away they said
that she put up a hell of a fight
think about your past who would have the
inclination to do this Kaiba McGuire is
5 6 105 pounds of long brown hair blue
eyes you find her
you're just preggers I just don't want
you falling back on any of the old
habits Paige I'm out of the game you
know that huh
I know you what did you do no child
should have to pay for their father's
sins
why are they after you turn into Paul
just how deep do you want this to go did
this help
we swore not to talk about